CASMCMS-9423/CASMCMS-9448: Remove/update docs for removal of CPS/DVS, long-deprecated csm-config playbooks (#5994)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Removals

* The [Content Projection Service (CPS)](glossary.md#content-projection-service-cps) and the
  [Data Virtualization Service (DVS)](glossary.md#data-virtualization-service-dvs)

>     * These are replaced by the [Scalable Boot Projection Service](../../glossary.md#scalable-boot-projection-service-sbps)

Reviewer: Technically SBPS replaces DVS for image projection, but DVS still remains available for the projection of customer file systems, but only on dedicated gateway nodes.   Not sure if we need to include that caveat.

Reviewer 2: I do think that would be useful to add, just to eliminate any confusion.  It might also be worth noting that these are USS products, so perhaps this could be worded like ```Integration with the User Services Software (USS) Content ...``` or something like that.

If you do make a change here, I see there are multiple sections like this that I assume will get the same update.

Reviewer 3: Yep, we've not removed DVS, we removed the projection of root filesystem and PE images via DVS and replaced it with SBPS.  Parts of DVS, like mqtt, are still being run on the management nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
* Support for projecting root filesystems and PE images using the [Content Projection Service (CPS)](glossary.md#content-projection-service-cps) and the
  [Data Virtualization Service (DVS)](glossary.md#data-virtualization-service-dvs)
    * This projection is now done using the [Scalable Boot Projection Service](glossary.md#scalable-boot-projection-service-sbps)
```

## Removals

* The [Content Projection Service (CPS)](glossary.md#content-projection-service-cps) and the

>   [Data Virtualization Service (DVS)](glossary.md#data-virtualization-service-dvs)

Author: ```suggestion
```
